
Welcome to Statocles!

First, select a flavor. The flavor determines which applications will be
configured by default.

1) Blog

This flavor puts a blog as the main page, though you may add other pages
later.

2) Project

This flavor puts a plain Markdown file as the main page and adds a blog
for release announcements.

0) None

No applications will be preconfigured. You can add applications later.
See Statocles::Help::Config for details.

Which flavor of site would you like? ([1], 2, 0) 

Statocles comes with a default theme based on the Skeleton CSS library.
If you want, I can copy this default theme into the current directory so
that you can fully customize it to your liking.

Instead, you can make some minor alterations in content and color using
"include_stores". See Statocles::Help::Theme for more information.

You can always copy or restore the default theme later using the
"statocles bundle" command.

Do you want to bundle the theme? ([Y]/n) 

Statocles can deploy your site in multiple ways.

1) Git

Statocles will commit your site to a Git repository and push to a remote

2) Copy files

Statocles will copy your site to another directory for your web server
to serve.

0) None

Don't set up a deploy yet. "statocles deploy" will just write the site
to the current directory. You can set up a deploy later. See
Statocles::Help::Deploy for details.

How would you like to deploy? ([1], 2, 0) 

Since you're doing a file deploy, where would you like to copy the
files? If you're already running a webserver, you can deploy to the
server's document root.

Where to deploy the site? (default: current directory) 

Alright! Your "site.yml" configuration file has been created and you're
ready to go!

To create a blog post, use the "statocles blog post" command. This will
create a new blog post in the "blog" directory.

To add new plain pages, create ".markdown" files inside the "page"
directory.

For static content, add files to the "static" directory.

To learn about editing content, see Statocles::Help::Content.

If you have any problems, report them on the Statocles website:
http://preaction.github.io/Statocles

Thanks for using Statocles!

